Blind your dog eyes
Do you know what treasure appraisal is?
And the face is calling here
Okay, Yanyan
After all, you are an online beggar.
You shouldn't and don't deserve to be jealous
Yanyan, I don't want to pick one
Your calligraphy and painting
Compared with Jiang Shao's blue and white porcelain
It's just a sky
An underground
I'm gorgeous, even if I'm jealous again
I won't show off a fake
Okay, I really opened my eyes today.
You trash really don't know the head of the Liu family
Position in this antique circle
The calligraphy and painting you gave is indeed flawed.
And the baby of youth is indeed the best
If this thing
Can also be regarded as the best
Then my calligraphy and painting are the best in the world
Get down, are you going in circles?
I have been in the Yunzhou antique industry for so many years
He's never been better than me.
Talking to me can only apologize
The bottom line of the antique world
If it's fake, it can't be true. What you say is what you say.
How do you prove it?